Reflection 1:

"What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?"

Initializing a repository lets you define what files will be tracked. You need to do it so that git will know what files to track.
This does not mean that it is automatically tracking the files though; it just means that is can track the files becaues it now has
a place to put the git information.

Reflection 2:

"How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?"

This is a tougher question for me. I think it offers some value because you can make sure that you are tracking/committing only files that you
intend on committing. Otherwise, junk might be committed that you are using for brief purposes in the directory. It is different from the
working directory because the wd is where you keep your files. The staging area is priming the files for commits. It's the no-man's-land
between the wd and the repo.

Reflection 3:

"How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?"

I can make a bunch of changes to a lot of different files now. When I use git diff, I can see what the changes are between the working
directory and the staging area. If I want to see what the differences are between the staging area and the most recent commit, I can do a git
diff --staged. I will only add to the staging area things that are part of one logical change, and add any other project changes or files to a
separate commit.

Reflection 4:

"What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?"

Branches would help if I decided to change a fundamental premise of a project, but might not want to keep that as the source of truth.
It's important to have a back-up to be able to use if an explored hypothesis turns out not to be useful.

Reflection 5:

"How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?"

Diagrams let me see how the different versions are related to each other. They give a sense for the evolution of a project and the components 
that go into its development.